-->In the first part of this tutorial series, you’ll learn how to:

--Implement one-to-one and many-to-many relationships between Django models
--Extend the Django user model with a custom Profile model
--Customize the Django admin interface


Overview->
You’ll implement the project in a series of steps spread out over four parts. There’s a lot to cover, and you’ll go into detail along the way:

📍 Part 1: Models and Relationships

Step 1: Set Up the Base Project
Step 2: Extend the Django User Model
Step 3: Implement a Post-Save Hook


⏭ Part 2: Templates and Front-End Styling

Step 4: Create a Base Template With Bulma
Step 5: List All User Profiles
Step 6: Access Individual Profile Pages


⏭ Part 3: Follows and Dweets

Step 7: Follow and Unfollow Other Profiles
Step 8: Create the Back-End Logic For Dweets
Step 9: Display Dweets on the Front End


⏭ Part 4: Forms and Submissions

Step 10: Submit Dweets Through a Django Form
Step 11: Prevent Double Submissions and Handle Errors
Step 12: Improve the Front-End User Experience


In most basic form:
User-to-user connections that allow people to connect with one another
Content creation and display functionality so that your users can create output for their connected users to view

For the first part of this tutorial series, you’ll need to map out how you can allow users to connect and how this translates to a database schema. This part focuses on connections.


Your users will be able to either follow or not follow another user.
If they follow someone, they’ll see that user’s content. If they don’t, they won’t.
Your users can follow a person without being followed back. Relationships in your social network can be asymmetrical, meaning that a user can follow someone and see their content without the reverse being true.
Your users need to be aware of who exists so that they know whom they can follow.
Users should also be aware of who follows them.
In your app’s most basic form, users won’t have many extra features available to them. You won’t implement a way to block people, and there won’t be a way to directly respond to content that someone else posted.

